URL to Forked Completed Codepen https://codepen.io/jonivander/pen/RwrwNOg?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        A markup language that gives meaning to the elements of a webpage.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        A Hyper Text Markup Language to create documents on the internet.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        It is a piece of code that provides more information for an element. It goes in the tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
         h1 is used for the most important, and therefore most prominent heading on a webpage. It can only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <a>, <footer>.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata, information about the page that is not seen by the viewer of page on the web.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an indicator of a certain unique element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All HTML elements. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once. 
    10. What is a class? 
        An indicator for multiple elements in the code. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        All HTML elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you like. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Alternate text to be displayed should the image not be viewable. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        In CSS with a #.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is a grouping of the elements within it and is semantic, whereas a div is a generic divider and is not semantic. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        As the name "Cascading Style Sheet" would suggest, it is used for adding style to the HTML code.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        In this example, simply h2{ etc }.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used to apply styling to several elements at once, such as all images in the document. An id can be used to specify a single unique element to style, such as an individual header unique in the document. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        Classes are selected with a "." before the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p {etc}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A selector that singles out a particular element within it parent element. This can be useful to style one item of an ordered list. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar {etc}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        They are used to style different states of an element, such as hover and clicked links. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border-width: 1px;
            border-style: dotted;
            border-color: black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {etc}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm filename. One must be careful in using this, because the process is permanent, and cannot be reversed or retreived. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        With version control, you can safely collaborate with other authors on the same project, restore previous versions if necessary, and act as backup. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Fairly often, when many changes have been made, about 20 min. or so. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Start by forking the repo to make it your own copy, add your TL as a collaborator, clone your repo, create your own branch in the command line, commit useful comments, and push your branch to the original to be merged, generate a pull request and submit! 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inLine elements will not start a new line and will only take up as much space as they need, whereas a block element will start on a new line and will take up the full available width. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        The element will scroll with the page, since it is positioned relative to its ancestor or the document body, as opposed to the viewport.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? clear
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 